Operating-System-Support.md, before:

This wiki page lists all of the OS/Distros that Neofetch officially supports.  
If your OS/Distro isn't here, open an issue on github and I'll gladly add support.

**Note**: If your OS/Distro isn't listed below then that doesn't mean that Neofetch  
won't work with it. Adding support for your OS/Distro is most likely just adding  
ascii art.

### AIX

AIX 6.1 and any later version should be supported.


### Android

All versions of Android should be supported.


### BSD

- `Bitrig`
- `Debian GNU/kFreeBSD`
- `DragonflyBSD`
- `FreeBSD`
    - `Gentoo`
    - `PacBSD`
    - `PC-BSD`
    - `TrueOS`
- `NetBSD`
- `OpenBSD`


### GNU Hurd

All Hurd distros should be supported.


### Haiku

All versions of Haiku should be supported.


### iOS

All versions of iOS should be supported.


### IRIX

IRIX 6.5 and any later version should be supported.


### Linux

- `Alpine`
- `Amazon Linux AMI`
- `Anarchy Linux`
- `AntergOS`
- `AntiX Linux`
- `AOSC OS`
- `Apricity OS`
- `Arch`
- `ArchBox`
- `ArchLabs`
- `ArchMerge`
- `Arch XFerience`
- `Artix Linux`
- `AryaLinux`
- `Bitrig`
- `Blag`
- `Blankon`
- `Bunsenlabs`
- `Calculate Linux`
- `CentOS`
- `Chakra`
- `ChaletOS`
- `Chapeau`
- `ChromeOS`
- `CloverOS`
- `Container Linux by CoreOS`
- `CromeOS (Crouton)`
- `Crux`
- `Debian`
- `Deepin`
- `DesaOS`
- `Devuan`
- `DracOS`
- `Elementary OS`
- `Endless OS`
- `Exherbo`
- `Fedora`
- `FreeMint`
- `Frugalware`
- `Funtoo`
- `GalliumOS`
- `Gentoo`
- `Gnewsense`
- `GoboLinux`
- `GrombyangOS`
- `GuixSD`
- `Hyperbola`
- `KDE Neon`
- `Kali`
- `KaOS`
- `Kogaion`
- `Korora`
- `Kubuntu`
- `KS Linux`
- `LEDE`
- `LMDE`
- `Linux Mint`
- `Lubuntu`
- `Lunar Linux`
- `Mageia`
- `MagpieOS`
- `Manjaro`
- `Maui`
- `MX Linux`
- `Netrunner`
- `Nitrux`
- `NixOS`
- `Nurunner`
- `NuTyX`
- `OBRevenge`
- `OpenSuse`
- `OpenSuse TumbleWeed`
- `OpenIndiana`
- `Openmandriva`
- `Openwrt`
- `Oracle`
- `Parabola`
- `Parrot Security`
- `Pardus`
- `Parsix GNU/Linux`
- `PclinuxOS`
- `Peppermint`
- `Pop!_OS`
- `Porteus`
- `PostMarketOS`
- `Puppy`
- `Qubes OS`
- `Raspbian`
- `Redhat`
- `Redstar OS`
- `Rosa`
- `Sabotage Linux`
- `Sabayon`
- `SailfishOS`
- `SalentOS`
- `Scientific`
- `Siduction`
- `Slackware`
- `SliTaz`
- `Solus`
- `Source Mage`
- `Sparky`
- `SteamOS`
- `SwagArch`
- `Tails`
- `Travis`
- `Trisquel`
- `Ubuntu-GNOME`
- `Ubuntu`
- `Void`
- `Xubuntu`
- `Zorin`


### Mac OS

All versions of Mac OS / OS X should be supported.


### MINIX

Minix 3.4rc and any later version should be supported.


### Solaris

- `Joyent SmartOS`
- `OpenIndiana`
- `Oracle Solaris`


### Windows

- `CYGWIN`
- `MINGW`
- `MSYS2`
- `Windows 10 Linux Subsystem`

Commit message:

FreeMiNT isn't Linux at all, so it was broken out with some minor explanation.

Operating-System-Support.md, after:

This wiki page lists all of the OS/Distros that Neofetch officially supports.  
If your OS/Distro isn't here, open an issue on github and I'll gladly add support.

**Note**: If your OS/Distro isn't listed below then that doesn't mean that Neofetch  
won't work with it. Adding support for your OS/Distro is most likely just adding  
ascii art.

### AIX

AIX 6.1 and any later version should be supported.


### Android

All versions of Android should be supported.


### BSD

- `Bitrig`
- `Debian GNU/kFreeBSD`
- `DragonflyBSD`
- `FreeBSD`
    - `Gentoo`
    - `PacBSD`
    - `PC-BSD`
    - `TrueOS`
- `NetBSD`
- `OpenBSD`

### FreeMiNT

Any FreeMiNT distribution based on SpareMiNT (including EasyMiNT) with updated Bash should be supported. 

### GNU Hurd

All Hurd distros should be supported.


### Haiku

All versions of Haiku should be supported.


### iOS

All versions of iOS should be supported.


### IRIX

IRIX 6.5 and any later version should be supported.


### Linux

- `Alpine`
- `Amazon Linux AMI`
- `Anarchy Linux`
- `AntergOS`
- `AntiX Linux`
- `AOSC OS`
- `Apricity OS`
- `Arch`
- `ArchBox`
- `ArchLabs`
- `ArchMerge`
- `Arch XFerience`
- `Artix Linux`
- `AryaLinux`
- `Bitrig`
- `Blag`
- `Blankon`
- `Bunsenlabs`
- `Calculate Linux`
- `CentOS`
- `Chakra`
- `ChaletOS`
- `Chapeau`
- `ChromeOS`
- `CloverOS`
- `Container Linux by CoreOS`
- `CromeOS (Crouton)`
- `Crux`
- `Debian`
- `Deepin`
- `DesaOS`
- `Devuan`
- `DracOS`
- `Elementary OS`
- `Endless OS`
- `Exherbo`
- `Fedora`
- `Frugalware`
- `Funtoo`
- `GalliumOS`
- `Gentoo`
- `Gnewsense`
- `GoboLinux`
- `GrombyangOS`
- `GuixSD`
- `Hyperbola`
- `KDE Neon`
- `Kali`
- `KaOS`
- `Kogaion`
- `Korora`
- `Kubuntu`
- `KS Linux`
- `LEDE`
- `LMDE`
- `Linux Mint`
- `Lubuntu`
- `Lunar Linux`
- `Mageia`
- `MagpieOS`
- `Manjaro`
- `Maui`
- `MX Linux`
- `Netrunner`
- `Nitrux`
- `NixOS`
- `Nurunner`
- `NuTyX`
- `OBRevenge`
- `OpenSuse`
- `OpenSuse TumbleWeed`
- `OpenIndiana`
- `Openmandriva`
- `Openwrt`
- `Oracle`
- `Parabola`
- `Parrot Security`
- `Pardus`
- `Parsix GNU/Linux`
- `PclinuxOS`
- `Peppermint`
- `Pop!_OS`
- `Porteus`
- `PostMarketOS`
- `Puppy`
- `Qubes OS`
- `Raspbian`
- `Redhat`
- `Redstar OS`
- `Rosa`
- `Sabotage Linux`
- `Sabayon`
- `SailfishOS`
- `SalentOS`
- `Scientific`
- `Siduction`
- `Slackware`
- `SliTaz`
- `Solus`
- `Source Mage`
- `Sparky`
- `SteamOS`
- `SwagArch`
- `Tails`
- `Travis`
- `Trisquel`
- `Ubuntu-GNOME`
- `Ubuntu`
- `Void`
- `Xubuntu`
- `Zorin`


### Mac OS

All versions of Mac OS / OS X should be supported.


### MINIX

Minix 3.4rc and any later version should be supported.


### Solaris

- `Joyent SmartOS`
- `OpenIndiana`
- `Oracle Solaris`


### Windows

- `CYGWIN`
- `MINGW`
- `MSYS2`
- `Windows 10 Linux Subsystem`
